Welcome to the official Saster Podcast
where you can hear some of the best
Sasser speakers. This is where the cloud
meets
up today on the Saster Podcast. The
reason we pushed the envelope and I have
20 agents running now was because and
listen, criticize me. I was just
exasperated with turnover. I was
exasperated with [music] overpaying, not
helping, not working. And I just
couldn't do it one more time in my
career. Now, if I was you and I had a
large team and I had 200 million I
wanted to spend, maybe I would come to a
different conclusion. So, I'm pushing
the envelope on how AI can replace not
the best folks, not the best sales
teams, not your team, but 99% of the
world that can't hire your team.
>> Mhm.
>> And it's better. This should scare
people that don't want to work harder
and smarter than a year ago. Our AI
agents are better than a midpack AE or
SDR or BDR. Better than a midpack. Not
maybe not mid-packet owner, but I've
been doing this for a while. Better than
the midpack people I've worked over my
career. Not better than the best.
Hey Sasser, imagine having agents for
every support t. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, [music]
one that spots churn. That'd be pretty
amazing, right? Happy Fox just made it
real with autopilot. These pre-built AI
agents deploy in about 60 seconds and
run for as low as two cents per
successful action. All of it sits inside
the Happy Fox omni channel AI first
support stack chatbot co-pilot and
autopilot working as one. Check them out
at happyfox.com/saster.
Hey everybody, Saster Annual will be
back May 2026. The world's largest SAS
and AI gathering for executives. Just
this last May, we hosted 10,000
attendees with 68 VP level and above
attendees. 36% CEOs and founders and 25%
were AI first professionals. It's the
very best of S tier attendees and
decision makers that come to SAS annual
and AI summit each and every year. But
here's the reality, folks. The longer
you wait, the higher ticket prices get.
They're cheap now. They're cheap. So
just get them [music] early. Lock in
your spot today. Use my code Jason 100
for exclusive savings. Get your tickets
at podcast.s at sasterannual.com or just
use code Jason100 when you check out.
See you there. Saster annual and
AISummit 2026. It will rock.
Today's guest is uh the one and only Mr.
Jason Lmin and Jason is one of the OGs
of B2B SAS. He runs uh one of the most
important and prolific media companies
in SAS which is Saster. That's where I
learned all about uh tech when I first
broke into into this space over 10 years
ago. He's got the very best podcast in
the market, which is Thursdays with
Harry Stebings on 20BC and Rory
O'Drriscoll, which everybody should
listen to every week. It is it is a must
listen for me, including all the SAS
content on their own feed. And uh Jason
has been an investor and owner since the
very beginning. He led the seed round
when uh Adam was probably like 17 years
old or something crazy like that and
Jason has had had a pretty prolific hit
rate and Jason's been incredibly helpful
for me personally along along my journey
to owner and so I'm really excited for
this one and we're going to talk about
the future of go to market which you've
been talking a lot about. So welcome and
thanks for joining us.
>> Thanks man. So, one of the questions is
the like recursive learning and and like
when you have all of these tools, one
this is one of the questions I'm
grappling with today. So, we've got one
mind and we've got like an SMS follow-up
agent that we're building. We've got X
and Y. How do you how are you thinking
about centralizing the context
engineering the the learning loop?
Because the [clears throat] one of the
questions we're asking is like do we
build one mega model of our own to power
all of the customer journey from AI BDR
all the way through to AI support
>> or do you have a a mix of all these
tools but how do they share insight from
one another like have you thought about
that?
>> It's a if you're as far as we are or
further or where you are it's one of the
great questions you'll start to ask.
Okay. And I want to give you my answer
before we go. Just for folks that are
going to watch or listen, bear in mind
if you're not as far as we are, don't
ask this question. Get a couple cool
tools into production that work. Get it
going for three or six months. Then
you'll realize once you get three or
four agents working, not just one, then
you'll have data conflict that you'll
they'll be answering questions
inconsistently. You'll have trouble
sharing data. And after three, four, if
if you have three or four agents in
production for real that are working,
not complaining they don't work, if they
work and you've done it for three or
four months, you'll start thinking about
meta agents. How could I have one agent
manage all these conflicts and issues?
What we're doing today is not that
clever. We are using, for example, for
outbound, we use Asian force, artisan,
and qualified. Okay, we use three and we
we may add more. We're we're just
basically taking our Salesforce database
and giving each of them a portion of it.
It's not that clever.
>> And that requires Amelia who's our went
from our head of CMO and everything to
chief officer. Now she's got to manage
three different segments of our base and
use three different tools. It's fine,
right? Because it's better than humans.
Um but we could but they don't re the
only way they communicate with each
other is by pushing data back into
Salesforce.
>> Okay. [clears throat]
>> Right. And and that's okay for today,
right? And in fact, there's been a
little bit of renaissance as you know
with Salesforce at it. This is both a
negative for Salesforce and that the
agents in some ways are more powerful
than the CRM, but it's also renaissance
because Salesforce becomes the hub for
all these agents.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. So Salesforce is more important
to us. Right.
>> But it's a big question that that I have
a lot of answers going into 2026. This
meta agent versus the human having to be
the boss of all the agents. I think um I
don't think we're there yet. At least we
haven't figured it out yet. Maybe you'll
figure it out ahead of us. And if you're
asking the question like an order, maybe
we should build our own orchestration
layer that is automated with AI. I mean,
listen, more power to you and love and
you know, you guys have raised nine
figures of capital and have an S tier
team. I don't think that is the right
answer for 99.8% of the world. It might
work for owner and I'd love to learn
from you. It might work for us, but most
folks should not think about most folks
should realize you need a you need a a
nerdy human managing your agents.
Someone that's ner a GTM nerd in a good
way that loves this stuff that's
quantitative that likes to get in the
weeds that likes to interact with agents
that likes training that loves data
someone that just loves data you need
that that that is at the top of your
stack and you're and your agents will
have conflict.
>> Okay.
>> Right. And and um we haven't figured it
out. Um but you like you said we all
quickly see this issue but you've got to
be in production with several
conflicting agents to really feel this
issue. So you know don't don't put the
cart before the horse. Okay, that's
really good advice. And so just going
back a step for those who haven't been
following us along with the podcast
stuff, LinkedIn, Twitter, like just give
them a perspective of how drastically
your business has performed over the
last 12 months and what you've built.
>> Yeah. As strong as the Saster brand is,
okay, this is an enduring brand, okay,
helped hundreds of thousands of folks,
half the public B2B companies have
founders love SAS, okay, it's still hard
to recruit.
It's still hard to recruit. We over the
years I've desperately tried to recruit
GTM folks. And first I tried folks that
were refugees, right? They got fired
from owner, but I still knew Kyle and he
so I hired a bunch of like folks that
were almost like Kyle, but got topped or
fired. And I'm like, "Well, come hang
out at Sasser for a while. Help me
sell." And that was a that was fun, but
they either thought it was beneath them
or had other issues and they quit. Okay.
Then I tried to hire some kids, right?
But they didn't want to learn learn what
we do or sell sponsorships. They they
they they they just wanted to sell an
they just wanted to basically sell clay
something that was easy, right?
>> Yeah.
>> So we never cracked the code on our
sales team, at least the way I want. I
never had the stable um high-erforming
sales team. I had pockets of excellence,
but it was never stable. So we go into
May Saster annual 2025 and um we also
pay people really well, dude. really
really well. Um, and we had two folks on
our sales team making very high
six-figure salaries that just quit going
into disaster. They just quit. They just
quit for no reasons. No notice, no
reasons. Just ghosted. And listen, maybe
it was right of them. I It sounds
critical. I'm no longer critical. And
Emil and I turned to each other. We're
like, we're going all in on agents.
We're done with this. I am done paying
an SDR $150,000 a year, an AE $500,000 a
year for basically inbound spoonfed
leads and renewals and quitting on me. I
maybe it you can be critical of me.
Okay, fair enough, right? But I'm not
like the worst boss. Like I'm pretty
loyal. You've seen me. I'm pretty
grateful. I pay people well. I don't I
don't tolerate laziness or or or other
things, but do your job with me. I'll
I'll stick with you for 20 years. And I
at this point in my career, I couldn't
take it anywhere. So I'm like, "Okay,
Emil and I said, listen, anything we can
do in AI in May, and May is a long time
ago now in AI, like we're going to do
it.
>> We are going to do it, right?"
>> And the first learning was, so we just
went around all the sponsors at Saster
this year and I we just said, "Who wants
to help us?" And Artisan was there and
we didn't know what the right vendor
was, okay? And you and I talked to
Saster about what we were doing and we
were still on the journey, but Artisan
said to their credit, they're like,
"We'll we'll help we'll do it all for
you. We'll give you the right f forward
deployed engineer and we'll do it for
you." So, and this is a metalarning. We
picked Artisan as our first agent. Not
because they were the best. They're very
good and we can talk about it, but
because there's a there's a 2 by two of
quality of vendor, but quality of FDE,
quality of folks that will help you
deploy it.
>> Okay. Another vendor, you know, I is
nameless. We talked to their head of
sales argued with us. He was like,
"Well, you've got to pay us $100,000
upfront. We'll see if you're worth it
and then um I'm not going to do anything
until you agree to pay me 100k upfront."
It
>> Yeah. And then and then I talked to the
CEO later and the CEO asked me why did
we lose the deal? I'm like you didn't
lose the deal but Artisan came in and
did all the work for us as did
Salesforce with agent force as did
qualified and others. So when you go to
pick a vendor, pick someone that is the
right partner with you to train and
deploy your agent. We are not smart
enough to do this. This is not SAS of
2023 where someone buys a product and
hopefully later in the year they get it
going
>> with a agents are too much work to
train. Every agent that you're going to
use in GTM, including Clay, including
the rest, requires weeks of training
before you can go live. There's a we can
talk about why it requires. So, if
you're not getting the help that you
need, don't don't do it. And ask to
speak to your forward deployed engineer
or your or or your solution architect or
whatever it is. And if you can't talk to
that person, just find another vendor. I
would rather have a worse vendor and
know who's how they're going to deploy
my agent than the world's fanciest brand
where I don't know who's going to do it.
don't sign the contract until you talk
to your forward deployed engineer or
sales agent. Right? So, I mean, we're
going off course, but then we just went
all in and I'm like, we're not going to
have s SDRs we pay, you know, six
figures, four quid on us anymore. We're
just done. And then we went we said,
let's go read their emails. And like
some of their emails were just terrible.
[laughter] And then the worst one was
like we had we had a senior SDR that we
paid a lot of money for, made up to
$200,000. And basically what this SDR
would do is I would go on LinkedIn and I
would see oh Kyle left from owner to go
to uh to to qualified, right? And
qualified's in our ICP. So I would say
go follow up with Kyle. And the STR
would be like I'll add it to my list and
get to it when I can. And half the time
the SG wouldn't even follow up. Now the
agent just does the agent doesn't argue.
The agent just follows up with Kyle. So
anyhow, we we the reason we pushed the
envelope and I have 20 agents running
now was because and and listen,
criticize me. I was just exasperated
with turnover. I was exasperated with
overpaying, not helping, not working,
and I just couldn't do it one more time
in my career. Now, if I was you and I
had a large team and I had 200 million I
wanted to spend, maybe I would come to a
different conclusion. So, I'm pushing
the envelope on how AI can replace not
the best folks, not the best sales
teams, not your team, but 99% of the
world that can't hire your team.
>> Mhm.
>> And it's better.
>> And this is this should scare people.
This should scare people that don't want
to work harder and smarter than a year
ago. Our AI agents are better than a
midpack AE or SDR or BDR. Better than a
midpack. Not maybe not mid-packet owner,
but I've been doing this for a while.
better than the midpack people I've
worked over in my career. Not better
than the best. And so we just don't need
them. We're good. And so these jobs,
these midpack jobs, they're they're just
in terminal decline in GTM. And you
should be aware of it. They're in
terminal decline. We won't need the mid.
Now there will be pockets, okay? And the
hottest AI companies in the world can't
find enough people to hire today. We
could talk about that. And so they may
absorb the mediocre, ironically, right?
because they have to hire so many
humans, but step up or or or maybe find
a new role.
>> That's sort of the Jebans paradox of
sales, which which I think people are
stumped on. Like if reps are so much
more productive than ever, then
does the are the unit economics of an
incremental rep so good that you're just
going to you're going to actually hire
more of them? like our our where we're
we are we've we have like nine high
impact production use cases of AI AR
booked per dollar out on on a per AE
basis is 3x any team I've ever managed
before and I've managed some pretty good
teams but the argument is not hey let's
hire less reps I'm hiring like 25 people
in sales over like a 75day period but
how do you think that that applies more
generally to the market like does Does a
rep being worth so much more mean we
hire more reps or do you think this like
mid to lower pack these jobs just go
away?
>> Well, let's step back for a minute for
for h how I know it's different because
it's a different company, but if you had
to try to normalize it, how much more
productive on a dollar basis on a quota
basis are is your is your AI infused
team today versus prior teams? Like how
much more productive literally are they?
>> Yeah. 3x. 3x.
>> Okay. I might challenge you on it, but
it's whatever it is, it's a lot. Okay.
Yeah.
>> So,
>> it's not like for like because we do
month-to-month contracts and it's SMB.
>> But even that, if it were truly 3x, if
it were truly 3x, I'm spitballing. You
could probably get away with a 30 or 40%
smaller team than before and still hit
your growth numbers. Not not a third,
right? But 30 or 40%. So, there's a
little bit off in your in your math,
right? Um because
>> if you look at a lot of the AI leaders
that are hypers scaling, they all have
sales teams. But in fact, their
leadership is the same people we know,
right? I mean that the the CEO of Slack
that was at Salesforce for 14 years just
took over as CRO of Open AI. Okay, the C
the CBO of uh of Verscell was the CO at
Stripe. These are not like brand new
people. These are the classic best B2B
people we know are running AI companies,
but for variety of reasons, they are
running them leaner. Um some of it is
because so much of the revenue is PLG,
right? You know, if the first 300
million cursor was all inbound, same
thing is true with Replet. just don't
need as big a team, right? Because you
don't you so there's some reasons. Some
of it's cultural,
>> like if you have that much self-s serve,
do you want the headaches of a
human-driven sales team, right?
>> Um and then some of it is just assigning
massive quotas, two, three, four, $5
million quotas. The quotas, I mean, uh
the quotas at OpenAI for the enterprise
team are pretty damn high.
>> Oh, I bet.
>> Yeah, they're really high. And they
don't have enough people. Like they
don't have enough people, but they're
really high. So, I think there's a lot
of confusing factors. If you're growing
at OpenAI's rates, or if you're a
Salesforce and you're repositioning your
whole company for AI, you might hire a
massive amount of salespeople. Um, but
it doesn't mean that the salespeople
don't have to be much more productive.
So, I don't think it leads to it will
only lead to more net jobs because AI is
such a huge amount of our growth in our
economy today.
>> Right? If open I don't know how many
sales folks are at OpenAI or all of
them, right? all all and and claw
anthropic and but let's say they have
10,000 reps on their sales teams or
could at the end of next year let's make
up a number that might be too high right
that's plus 10,000 but how many are we
losing at the public companies growing
8% or 2% probably more than 10,000
so I don't think it's positive for for
if the new folks are have bigger quotas
and are more efficient and the old ones
are being relentlessly brutal on
efficiency I don't know that's going to
lead to massive job improvements I do
think that what will happen and I wrote
about this the $250,000 SDR. I do think
that the elite folks, the truly elite
folks, not the ones that think they're
elite on LinkedIn, the ones that really
are five times 10 times more productive
for real, they should be paid
compensation
that is two to three times higher than
it used to be. And this is already
what's happened in engineers in AI,
right? the average, you know, the the
average employee at Anthropic makes
$400,000 and the average engineer makes
800K and plenty of engineers at Open Air
are making 20 million, but it's not it's
not charity. Like the productivity that
they're expected to create is like
nothing we've ever seen.
>> Yeah. The leverage is wild.
>> Yeah. Super high leverage. So,
traditionally in sales, there's been no
leverage. Every year, you've got to add
more. In fact, there's been anti-
leverage because it gets harder and
harder to get that incremental dollar,
right?
>> Mh. For folks that crack the code here
for real, which is not going to be most
folks, but folks that crack the code,
you may well find your way into a job
that pays two to three times more than
before. If you can have someone managing
instead of 20 SDRs, right, if you can
have one human managing 20 agents,
>> Mhm.
>> no problem paying that person two or
three times more than a traditional uh
SDR director of outbound.
>> Yeah.
>> Like no issue, right? But we're but it's
not charity. We're expecting 10x the
productivity.
>> Yeah.
But that's probably not a that's
probably not a BDR turned agent manager.
That's probably like a growth PM or a
data science turned GTME
>> probably. I think in the short term like
there are no magic hires out there.
We're going to have to look at our own
teams who and it might be someone it
might be that nerdy uh SDR that has a
math degree that still jointed owner
because it was cool and is like pretty
good, right? But loves like loves all
the data, right? And so Kyle says, I'm
going to promote her. And then he
promotes her again and she's running the
whole thing, right? I think we're going
to find just as many of these people
inside. And if you put a job description
on LinkedIn, I want a senior GTM
engineer for our sales team. I think
you're going to be unhappy who you get.
Yeah, we we were trying to hire this
GTMAI lead and it was really difficult
to fill that funnel with people who who
had enough business acumen and and sales
savvy. We ended up hiring a guy who was
at Atomic in the venture studio and like
had started a couple companies and so
had had the had the business savvy but
just loves AI and loves go to market.
>> You need someone they got to love it.
>> Yeah. and he's and he's ripping like
ripping through projects and shipping
stuff. And we we built our cold uh
outbound email program. He built the
infrastructure in like three weeks and
and like everybody else told us that was
like a multi-month project and and it
was just like prompt layer and a bunch
of models and he was writing some custom
code and uh then we were sending 1,800
cold outbound emails every single day
from all of these domains and and we had
help. We we had like Eric Noalski doing
all the domain infrastructure and
helping us think through.
>> Okay, that's a lot, dude. Like like it
is a good story, but most people can't
do that.
>> Why not?
>> I just don't know if an exco that worked
at Atomico that founded four companies
wants to go to most startups.
>> Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
>> Okay. So, again, going back to the
beginning, I I do love your stories. I
want to hear them. But I but I think I
worry that people like for most folks, I
think they're they're doing the
opposite. They're putting up a job
notice for an AI executive to manage
this stuff. I actually think in two
years it might work because we'll we'll
have veterans. We don't have veterans
today.
>> So when ch spaces change rapidly, you've
got to find the person on your team
that's the AI nerd. Some folks can hire
the person, but I just don't think most
f and we talk to like a lot of CMOs.
Ameilia talks a lot of folks come to
advice. Okay.
>> They do not have the capability to do
what you just described. In fact, even
worse, we just Amelia had just had a
discussion with the CMO at a leading $10
billion company that that is AI first,
right? And they said, "Listen, we think
we want to do an AI SDR tool. I'm going
to buy it and just hand it to the SDRs
to figure it out." No training, no
anything. Just just had budget. So, I'm
going to spend $400,000 for this tool
and I'm just going to give it to each
SDR like like we used to do with
Outreach or Salesoft or Mixmax in the
day. Here, go run your cake. And we can
you and you you and I will laugh, but
this is a very sophisticated team at a10
billion dollar plus bubba company just
because that that old paradigm doesn't
work today.
>> Yeah.
>> Buy buy sales loft, let the reps use it
on their own, right?
>> Yeah. Maybe you can central. So so so
most like it's just um uh you got to
find that nerd that GTM nerd that loves
it that wants to run it for you
internally and in fact is chomping at
the bit to do so. Yeah,
>> chomping at the right. That's that's
good advice. And so one of the questions
I get which is related here is like okay
my CEO says we want to do AI and I want
to pursue being an AI native company but
like my CFO isn't really giving me the
headcount I need. Like we've got, you
know, he's giving me like one extra
RevOps headcount. They're asking that
team to figure it out. Yeah. I don't
really have a budget for like a bunch of
speculative tools and and I'm really I'm
surprised by the the number of friends
of mine working at good companies who
are in this position who are like I just
like don't have the budget to pursue it.
I'm like what are you talking about?
>> It's the wrong way to think about it.
>> Okay.
>> So yes, this is this is a real story.
Here's what you have to do. This will
solve all these problems.
>> Okay. Pick one tool that you that that
that you think you believe in that looks
like that is that is the easiest to to
deploy that solves a medium or higher
ranking problem. Okay? And for many
folks it is this AISDR but it doesn't
matter. Pick pick one problem. Could be
RevOps, right? It could be pick one to
find one tool you believe in based on a
demo and some research. Okay? And here's
the second just one that that is easiest
to deploy that you believe is and that
it solves a real problem in your org and
then deploy it yourself. The first one
is not about headcount. It is not about
but it it is only about the budget for
this one tool. You only need 50k, 60k or
100k which is not nothing but find the
budget. If you don't do it yourself,
it's like a it's like hiring a CRO
that's never sold but it's not quite the
same but it's the same fallacy. 99% of
folks we talk to and we we almost are
like a free consulting shop. So many
folks come to us at SAS now for help
doing this because of all of our data.
Do it yourself, dude. Mr. CRO, Mrs. Mr.
CMO, M.
Then they're flabbergasted. They haven't
deployed a tool themselves uh in a
decade or ever, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And you have to oversee it. Pick the
vendor. Do the training. Do you do you
even know what training is? Do you even
know what a forward deploy engineer is?
Do you know what ingestion means? Do you
know how these tools are trained? Do you
know what it takes? And it's only 30
days of work, guys. So, you're going to
have to take it's going to take you 20
or 30 hours, okay, of those of those of
those 30 days. You're going to have to
make the time and then my god, you'll be
an ex you'll be ahead of 98% of the
world. You've actually qualif qualified,
chosen, demoed, trained,
ingested, and deployed an AI agent at
scale. That is better than 99% of the
folks talking about it on Twitter. They
haven't even done it.
>> Yeah.
>> You do one and then what you do is you
walk back to your CFO and you do what we
do. Hey, we just sent 70,000 automated
emails. They're better than humans and
it generated 15% of the revenue for
Saster London. 15% of the revenue.
>> Wow.
>> Can I have Can I have some more budget?
Okay.
>> Sure.
>> Yeah.
>> Do it yourself. Pick. And the other
mistake is sometimes people try to do
five or eight tools at once. Of course,
you need a lot of budget and a lot of
people. No. Do it yourself. Roll up your
guys. No one. We stop rolling up our
sleeves. Okay. I'm doing it too at this
point in my career. You can see I'm
still rolling. No. Like literally and
figuratively. If you don't roll up your
sleeves in the age of AI and AI GTM, you
will become obsolete.
>> Yeah.
>> This is not an agency game. Not today.
Maybe in 24 months. This is not a game
of, oh, I've got my new job at owner as
CMO. I'm going to bring in my 11
agencies from my last job that I used in
in in in the as
>> Okay, here's my 11 agencies. I've got my
uh Salesforce agency and my outbound
agency and my leftbound and my
rightbound agency that I used in 2015.
They're all going to fail.
>> Yeah,
>> it's you are the agency for now. Just
for at least for the first at least for
the first one. Once you've done it,
because literally if you haven't trained
an agent and it's not that hard, take
almost any agent. And it's basically the
same thing. You you you point them to
your to a database. It could even just
be your your website in a base case. You
upload your perspectus. You upload some
documentation. Then you upload some
more. Okay? And then out of that, most
of these agents will create a list of
questions, right? Or sample emails, 10,
20 or 30 and you iterate them and they
AB test them and you talk about it and
you see what they're wrong. And when
they say, you know, owner owner is great
for 100 chain high-end restaurants,
that's wrong today, isn't it?
>> Yeah.
>> So you you X out that question. You say
no owner is designed owner scales much
more than it used to be. But our core
audience are smaller restaurants with a
handful of a single location or a
handful with a significant amount of to-
go business, right? And you just keep
going through those questions and
iterating them and then you then it'll
if it's email based, it'll start sending
the emails and you have to read them for
an hour or two every day and see what's
wrong. You have to do it yourself. No
agency is going to get this right.
>> And this is what
>> no agency is even going to really know
what you do. What's that?
>> This is what you were doing with artisan
or qualified.
>> Yeah. And you need to do this as Mr. or
Mrs. CRO or CMO or VP of sales or you
can't hire someone to do this today.
Maybe later, maybe later. And HubSpot
hasn't figured this out with his AI
training. That's why like like basically
half of HubSpot's um agencies are
obsolete
>> because they can't work. And if you
listen to what Yamin said this year at
Inbound, she's like, "We're radically
we're going to put we're going to get
more and more revenue through the
channel, but we need different
agencies." The agencies at HubSpot back
in the day, you'd go you'd w you'd have
your local group and they'd hook up
HubSpot and they'd, you know, they'd
charge you basically 1x or 2x what
HubSpot did and they'd hook it up and
and get your basic campaigns going for
you, right?
>> Yeah.
>> This is now work for training an AI on
all of your customer data, all
everything, and making sure it's all
automated and works. You got to do it
yourself. And once you do it once, and
even I was intimidated. The first one we
did at the start of the year was a
general agent called Deli, which makes
digital clones. And um we were early on
this and I I I saw that uh uh Brian
Halligan and Lenny and a few others did
it. So I I just bought it. Um I'd never
ingested or trained data. All right. And
I had to do it myself. I did it every
single day for a month. Every single
day. First thing in the morning.
>> Yeah. First, even me first thing in the
morning, wake up, see what see what the
agent said, see what's wrong, and then
just start editing and changing. And the
agents like this is the beauty to it.
It's the hive mind. They remember.
>> Yeah.
>> And every day it gets better. Like for
the most part, they do they remember
everything you tell them. And the
hallucinations become a minor issue if
at all as you train it more. But if you
don't do this, you're going to you you
will have no idea what you're talking
about. Like literally, you will be
utterly ignorant in the age of AI. You
got you did it and I I did it and then I
did it and I proved it to Amelia and
Amelia did all the rest of them, right?
and she's better and smarter than me,
but I had to do the first one even in
our little org to make to for it to make
any sense because I didn't know to tell
her to go do artisan.
>> Yeah. And and it's funny you mentioned
that because I didn't do this all that
intentionally. It was just like we were
a small company and I like this stuff.
So, Momentum was one of our first AI
implementations. And I was in there
writing prompts and writing custom
fields in Salesforce myself cuz I I
implemented Salesforce on my own way
back in the day. And so like I knew how
to go into the admin view and and create
fields and add them to layouts. And so I
was just in there playing around being
like oo like what can I know about my
business tomorrow? And I would build a
field think through all right like how
what's how do I want to structure the
data and then write the prompt in
momentum and then I would it would run
like this was back before they did back
filling. And so then at the end of the
the next day I would have my laptop open
after the kids went to sleep and I'd be
like oh I'm like really excited to see
what's in these fields now. And I would
look at a report and I'd look at what's
in there. I'm like, "Oh, like it missed
this or like I see my prompt was like
too basic or I need to to point it at
this other thing." And I was just doing
it cuz I was interested. Like I took a
replet 100 days of code course and I was
playing around with that. And then it it
just like it was of interest. But now
now I I fast forward and we've got this
like AI lead and my head of RevOps is
like incredibly AI savvy. So, I'm I'm
much I still take a bunch of demos and
I'm thinking through the broad strokes,
but I'm not anywhere near as close.
>> But you did the first one. But you got
the first agent going yourself.
>> They're not all going to be as nerdy as
you. They may need a little bit of help.
They may not do the replica course, but
you did it yourself. You you trained it.
You you you went from evaluation to
success yourself.
>> Every day you were reviewing that until
every Here's the key. Every day you got
to work with the agent until it works
reliably. Yeah,
>> I'll give you another fun example. Like,
so we I like Momentum and Attention
both. These are great apps that for
revops, right? Buy buy one of them. You
recommended it back to the day. We had a
tiny team, right? So, we decided to use
it, but we just sort of put it on the We
didn't pay any attention to it, right?
>> Right.
>> Didn't think it worked.
We didn't train it. We did no work. This
is not the fault of the vendor. We just
didn't have like we're like, "Okay, we
got four people on our sales team, you
know, now we have less. We have agents."
We're like, eh, RevOps is not a big
problem, right? And then it was the
classic issue that that that that you
brought up and Marshall brought about.
Finally, finally we're like, why is this
thing not working? And we're on our team
Zoom and we have this sales guy AE that
we're paying extremely well. And he's
like, we're like, we're not seeing any
of your data from him. He's like, well,
the app doesn't work. We're like, okay,
okay, shame on us. We never put in the
time. We never put in the 30 days.
>> So, we we kind of complained to them
that it doesn't work. And then I'm like,
I just put them on live on the Zoom.
It's like, why not working? like, "Do
you see that Google link at the bottom
left? You got to link up your account."
He's like, "I don't really want to." And
he links up the account and it showed
he'd done nothing for 30 days. And he
quit that day. Wow. So, there's a lot of
interesting stories. Marcela had the
same story. Mango when she brought it
in, someone quit that day, too, because
it showed the lack of activity.
>> So, it's a recurrent story. Um, and it's
interesting, but sh but like we thought
it didn't work
>> and it didn't work until I went to we
took the effort to have this one guy
just hook it up that now we rely on it
daily, right? But that's an example of
even us because we went from zero to one
and then 20 agents. For us, just RevOps
was not as high on the priority as it
was for you. How many folks do you have
on your sales team today?
>> 100.
>> Okay. So, at 100, RevOps is one of your
top three priorities.
>> Mhm.
>> Right. In some ways, it's number one,
right? That and recruiting in some ways
are number one once you have it dialed
in. Right. For us, it's like whatever.
If our we got, you know, we don't have
our process dialed in, it's not it's not
like I got 99 problems. So, so we didn't
train it. We didn't do it. And so it fa
it failed. The deployment of that agent
failed until we had the aha moment that
uh the reps hadn't actually hooked up
their accounts to it.
>> That's funny.
>> Shame on us. But now we rely on it
constantly right now. Now we love it.
Many of folks that will watch or listen
will go through the same thing. Like
they'll buy a product, put it on the
shelf, never really get it deployed, get
the agent going, get it trained, and
they and they will say it's a failure.
There are so many there are many reasons
we had the the failures of the AISDR
failures in 2024 were all LLM based in
my experience. They didn't work. The
products didn't work before before
Claude 4. They didn't work.
>> It was slop. Yeah.
>> Yeah. It was slop. There was no point.
Now they're they're now they are above
the line. They're all above the line. So
it's the the reason they fail today is
that people don't roll up their sleeves
and train the agent themselves. And if
that sounds intimidating to you, how do
I train an agent? Right? Like this is
not something you learned at your last
job, right? Going back to our point,
then pick a vendor. Pick a leading
vendor. It honestly does not matter
which one you pick today and talk
bypass. Tell the sales rep, I literally
did this the other day. I want to talk
to my FDE. I want to talk like great. I
don't even need to do a demo. I want to
talk to who's going to help me deploy
this agent, right? Um I'm still waiting
to hear back from the rep. So that tool
will not be one that becomes our first
agent. But but be kind and just say
literally I want to get on the phone
with Jason or whoever it is and and show
them what you're doing and have them
walk you through it and and then that if
you get that partner you'll realize that
training and ingestion and orchestration
and all these nerdy concepts are mostly
just making sure your data is uploaded
to a website and that you and that you
answer a bunch of questions so that you
read outputs every single day from us.
It's that simple. You can do that. We
know how to upload. We know how to use
websites and we know how to read and say
this and tweak tweak text. It's not as
intimidating as it sounds on the
everyone's throwing around big fancy
words like
it's Yeah. It's like
>> No, these are at the end of the day,
these are all SAS apps, my friends.
They're just SAS apps that have an LM
hookup to them and they they look like
SAS apps. They smell like SAS apps.
Their GTM teams are SAS people. Um, so
you can do it, but don't but but just
understand what it means. Don't be
intimidated by uh by what we're saying.
[snorts] So I I want to double click
into uh picking vendors because we have
similar I think opinions on on this. So
you're mentioning like pick one thing,
make sure it you do it really well, be
careful about vendor selection,
implement it yourself, but I I think one
of the things I get asked about the most
is like where do I start? Because people
are sort of freaked out by AIBDR now
because it was all hot and then now
everybody thinks it sucks cuz the
>> why are
>> because everybody's like, "Oh, uh,
outbound is dead. The email the inbox is
dead."
>> They're wrong. I would
>> But but where where to start? Okay. So,
listen. I don't believe that. We could
talk about why. If you believe it,
great. Don't don't pick that first. I'll
tell you the lowest hanging fruit for
98% of folks out there. I know I use
different nomatures than some is adding
AI to impound. My god, and this is just
I said, there is no excuse today for you
not to get instant answers to your
questions. There is no there is no
excuse on planet Earth for some
21-year-old
SDR to qualify me whether I'm worth
their time to talk to an AE.
>> There is no need. We use qualified. It
doesn't matter what you pick. You go in,
it answers just questions on the SAS
website. Anyone can try it. Go to
sasteranual.com and talk to the digital
Amelia, video, text, audio, however you
want. And she'll just ask you what
you're interested in. And if you want to
sp buy a ticket, sponsor, ask us if you
want to sponsor for us, it will
automatically qualify you. Oh, Kyle,
great. You're interested in sponsoring.
Where do you work? Owner restaurant
industry. You know, honestly, Kyle,
that's not our ICP. It's not a good fit
for you. Okay. Um, I work at an AIB B2B
company. I work at Replet. That's a
perfect fit for our ASDR. Can I connect
you with David right now? and and it
does the whole calendarly scheduling
which is not which has already been done
but it instantly connects it with the
qualification so that that lead is
qualified
>> in the moment
>> anytime. Yeah. And so if you want if you
think about it okay and and I advise
everyone at any any senior level anyone
in the management team or founders slow
it down go to your website in a in
incognito in a fresh mind and try all
your journeys. Try see how good your
support is. See how good your
qualification is. If you have a brutal
contact me, see see how much you like
contact me. Where does that contact me
go into ghost land?
>> See how good your support is. Would you
want to buy your product? Be honest. Is
this a slam dunk? Right? And so fix one
of those things. And literally, if we
can talk forever about outdown SDRs, it
does work. But even if it doesn't for
you, I guar 99% of you, your inbound
process is an F or D. It's not okay with
AI. It's not okay to not have all my
core questions answered day or night
with no lag, with no delay, answered
really, really well, and that I don't
have to talk to some 21-year-old kid
that doesn't even know what the product
does before I can talk to a rep.
>> It's insulting. It's insulting to my
time.
>> And I just won't do it. I don't have
time anymore in the age of AI. I don't
have time to set up a call next week to
see if I'm worth your time.
>> Yeah.
>> Right.
>> And and so how would you more
conceptually think about like picking
the first use case? Is it is it going
back to like what are the business
priorities? Is it just like actually
zone in on what AI is good at now? AI is
good at support. It's good at inbound.
So like those are the easiest places to
>> maybe not good. I would listen you could
do either of those things. It could be
what you're passionate about. That's
always a good first place to start. What
do you care about? Like you were into
the rev ops. So that's what you did,
right? If you're if you're a little
nerdy like us, pick something you're
passionate about. If you have no
opinion, do the clean look at your
website. Do the incognito from scratch,
new email, new domain, and see what
breaks your heart.
>> Yeah.
>> And do that one. The one that breaks
your heart. Stuff even on SAS websites,
stuff breaks my heart. I literally, you
know, I literally I can't tell you how
many websites like, you know, we've been
a Brex customer for years. I tried to
get an answer question in the B. I
couldn't get any question out of my bot.
It's terrible.
It
>> breaks my heart. Right. I had another
fintech I tried to use. Um I got an
email back saying I would I would get a
response within 48 hours. Go fix that
problem.
>> And how do you recommend people look at
that decision? Either using the AI
within their current stack. So like I
have intercom, I'm adding FIN or I've
got Salesforce Agent Force or going to
the like insurgent startup that's like
ripping 10x yearoveryear. Yeah. What's
your advice there? This is a good
insight for for Amelia. We talk to folks
all the time. We do so many consulting
calls. We didn't used to do this. And
they're like, I'm I'm doing a 10 vendor
bake off.
>> Okay. Not only did this not work preAI,
but in the AIH when you have to train an
agent, it's just not possible. So, pick
two. Pick pick. Listen, if you're
already if you want to try Agent Force
and Finn because you're using Salesforce
intercom, great terrific. And then pick
one hot startup, not just because it's
hot, but because honestly, someone like
you is using them successfully. Ask for
references for real.
>> Kyle will respond. Everyone I talk to
that's like you, they're getting they're
do getting like 50 reference emails a
month.
>> Mhm.
>> Right.
>> Just don't ask me for time.
>> Yeah. Just send me an email and I'll
give you give me an honest answer. Yeah.
So just
>> and I will hit function on my keyboard
in and whisper flow and I'll like
dictate a four line thing in 30 seconds
and I'll give you your answer. Just
don't
>> I think Marelle from Mango says she
gives she she does like 10 [snorts] or
20 a week she gives them a one a one one
word answer but that's enough right?
find out and so just do the two and just
do it and just try them both
>> and talk and find out who's going to and
that's enough because here's the honest
truth like there are differences right
and and and and intercom's great at
showing how Finn is better than decagon
and Sierra and like and you know who
which what who cares they're both
they're all so much better than PAI that
what matters is can you get it into
production [clears throat]
>> it doesn't really matter there these and
these tools are evolving so quickly that
during 2026 s are going to get so much
better that that's going to lead to
convergence and it's going to lead to uh
you know it used to be years before
vendors would have feature parody right
now now we're down to weeks.
>> Yeah,
>> we're down to weeks. So it's a journey
you're going on. So just and they're all
they're all all the leaders if you can
get them trained if you can get into
production they're so much better than
before that just pick the ones that's
the right match for you. It really
doesn't matter
>> and make sure that they can support
employment.
>> Yeah. Support it really. It does matter
and and I actually I honestly think that
as we all get smarter and as we deploy
our 21st and 25th agent we we can focus
on minute feature differences that
frankly will pro they'll all clone each
other in weeks right but right now when
it's a step function right it's like get
a great one into production and just do
the one that's the right fit for you and
don't be overwhelmed and we list if you
go to saster.ai/agents AI/ agents. We
list all the ones we use.
>> Uh you can see them and we have lots of
data. Saster agents. Pick any of them or
others that are leaders and just go for
it. Right. And and do but two is enough
for the bake. I don't know why but we
talked to so many folks that are doing
bake offs of like 10. And I guess it's
because people are confused because they
haven't done it before.
>> They want to see it all. And
>> yeah, in the old days your bake off
would be the one I used at my last
company and the hot one today. You do it
two, right? And you'd pretend to look at
a third. I genuinely think people are
trying to do 8 to 10 vendor bake offs,
but it's it's even if you could train
them in an hour, you still couldn't. But
if if think of if it takes you 30 days
to have to really train it, you can't do
10. Yeah. You It's impossible.
>> Yeah. And so one more question on this
like in common versus startup,
>> you know, like I was pretty harsh on
Salesforce a few years ago. Like when I
was at Shopify, they were trying to like
sell us a bunch of Einstein stuff and I
had to stop the meeting. I'm like,
"Guys, like don't don't do this
with me. Like I'm I like you know I know
I'm only a sales leader and so you
probably think I'm a dummy but like
don't try to hoodwig me with Einstein. Y
>> and so I was a tough tough customer when
I was at at shop and now we are like
leaning into Salesforce more than ever
which I am personally surprised by. I
was surprised that you were leaning into
uh agent force as well. So like y
>> my question is like is Salesforce sort
of back with agent force like is this
like a real thing in your opinion?
>> Well I think there are two different
questions. Is it Salesforce back and is
it because of Agent Force? Um
>> I do I do think the experience that you
and I are both having I mean I don't we
don't have the exact data but you and I
are both close to folks at Salesforce in
the unfortunately they call it SMB but
it's really startups and tech and stuff.
It is it is booming that that that group
is booming right. I don't think it's
entirely because of Asian force because
Asian force is early. I do think some of
it though is related to AI which is that
it is it's the hub for your agents. Mhm.
>> And listen, no knock on HubSpai,
we didn't need an agent hub. And HubSpot
blew up because HubSpot figured out, you
know, when you and I started in all of
this, Hub people, you know, first of
all, HubSpot didn't even have CRM. Then
it was only free. Then it kind of didn't
work for more than 20 or 30 reps, right?
And then it got to the point PI were
like, we know folks that have a thousand
reps on HubSpot and they're super happy,
right? Um, and a lot of folks would do
it that were marketing focused, right?
But but it it was and and and we would I
would do this thing at SAS rand raise
your hand who's on HubSpot versus
Salesforce and as the years went on all
all the hands rose for HubSpot and and
Salesforce got crowded out but now it's
swung back and um it's not because the
lead contacts and opportunities are
better it's this hub and when you when
you have 20 agents working autonomously
for you in sales and revops and
marketing they need a hub and Salesforce
is the hub and and maybe the simple
reason is that it may be as simple as
the Fact, a lot of the early breakout
leaders, and it's still early, right?
These products, there aren't a lot of
Here's an important point we may run out
of time with, but it's so important
because these agents require training
because they require forward deploy
engineers. I am not aware of any great
products that are 29 bucks a month.
>> Yeah, I'm excited for this for late
2026, 2027. I'm excited for the next
frontier, but all these products are
like 30, 40, 50k and up. Okay, 100K and
up. And and listen, if if you're at
owner scale and you're replacing humans,
no big deal at the end of the day,
right? Uh and they're growing like a
weed. So, we're investing in a lot of
these products and they and they and
they they they need this hub and that
hub is Salesforce. It is the database.
It is the repository. It's where the
agents meet, where their data meets. And
so, we need Salesforce. And so, I think
now that's not the same thing as Agent
Force. Agent Force is Salesforce's own
agent, which we can talk about if you
want before we run out of time. I think
we're one of the few folks that are in
production at Agent Force and
competitors and close things that are
close to agent force. It's pretty rare
that I think there's got to be I mean
next year there'll be a lot. Today there
might be a single digit number of people
that are like us.
>> Agent Force is new and agent force is
one agent you can use on Salesforce and
I don't think on its own it explains the
the renaissance for this audience. I
think the renaissance is that Salesforce
is back as where your agents connect to.
>> Yeah. It's just so important that you
have a single source of truth for your
data that you have clean data that these
agents are are pulling from the same
data. They're pushing their learnings.
They're c because for us like we have
three different AI SDRs working with
three different segments of our base.
They've got to share all their learnings
back into Salesforce, right? And they're
share and it's wonderful. It's a
virtuous circle and so um it also is a
stickier mode, right? It's a stickier
mode. The tough part is we pay more for
those agents than we pay for Salesforce,
which is an existential question that
Mark and his team are thinking about
because yes, Salesforce is more
valuable, but the agents are even more
valuable than [laughter] Salesforce. So
Salesforce is getting a glow up, but the
agents are extracting the majority of
the value. That's why Asian Force has to
win. That's why Mark has 2,000 people
working on it. Um, long-winded answer. I
can tell you if I had to summarize a lot
of learnings. As agent Force is more
work to set up than the rest of the
agents,
>> but it is good or better in production.
It is as good because they're all good.
Okay. All the good ones are good.
They're all kind of the same. The emails
are pretty similar, right? It is better
because that native integration with
Salesforce data, it turns out actually
is better.
>> Yeah,
>> it is better. So, if it's hard
Salesforce is very enterprise. It has a
it it's a $45 billion company. But if
Mark can get even more folks working on
Agent Force and making it more turnkey
and rolling it out to everybody, it's
really going to win because it's the
agent's as good as anybody as it should
be, right? I mean, Replet and lovable,
they're both great, right? They're
they're all momentum, they're all good.
But it does help to have the native data
rather than syncing trying to get it,
have delays, have syncing issues. Like
Salesforce is a wonderful platform, but
we just have the data. The native data
works better.
>> Yeah. Yeah. that is we're in this place
where we're looking at some of the
sprawl and thinking about how you keep
it all together and sort of that master
orchestrator agent and and you know like
a bunch of the conversations like man
maybe this is actually rolling back into
Salesforce and back
>> rolling back into Salesforce
>> agent force and and the you know the
simplicity and we've been impressed with
with what I've seen and honestly I'm I'm
surp surprised that I've come to this
opinion given where I was you know a few
years ago and where I felt like some of
Salesforce's new We were surprised too.
And it did take longer to deploy for a
number of reasons than than the than the
startups, right? But it's just as good
in production.
>> Yeah. And you've got the security and
the data and and the governance which
you know at our scale we're thinking a
lot more about and and it's meaning
>> listen if you want here's here and we
might have lucked out. We might have
gotten a little bit of the A team
because we do have a brand, right? But
if you're interested in Agent Force, I'm
sure it's not going to be hard to get
your rep on the phone, right? Um no.
find out if you're if you're if you if
you will get an FD FD. They use the term
FD at Salesforce, the forward deployed
engineer, and talk to them,
>> okay?
>> And talk to them. And the good ones will
be honest like we we do know the
qualified team pretty well. I'm sure
other vendors do this, but what I really
like at qualified is um it probably
helps they have a lot of inbound demand,
right? They ruthlessly screen customers
out that aren't a good fit. Ruthlessly.
Mainly the ones that just don't have
enough data. It doesn't matter what the
what if ARR is. If there's not enough
data to have a successful deployment,
they won't take your business, right?
>> Enough website traffic.
>> Yeah. They just enough traffic too,
right? They just literally won't doesn't
matter what you'll pay and they just
they don't they don't want to. And kudos
kudos to everyone in AI that does this,
right?
>> So, I don't know if you'll get that from
Salesforce or not, but try see if you
get an FDA. If no one will talk to you
then because it's a big company, then
just don't do it, right? But if you talk
to the FDA and they go into your
Salesforce instance and they look at the
amount of data and you say, "We can get
you live in production in 45 days and
here's how it will work." I would I
would probably take that bet.
>> Yeah. Okay. Last question. So, this is a
revenue leadership podcast. So, what
advice do you give to us? Like, do we
have to get more aggressive? Is about
swing swinging for the fences more? Is
it about or the opposite, you know,
making the money last? Well, here here's
a okay, here's the brutal truth. I think
like everything in the age of AI, things
are bifurcating. So, I think for revenue
leaders, you you really have two
choices. Work even harder so that you
can be above triple triple double level.
Right? Work even harder so that you can
approach or exceed the growth rate of an
owner. Right? Because people are looking
for massive outcomes and that requires
massive growth. You can't have massive
outcomes without m it's always been true
since the dawn of time. Okay? You can't
have one without the other. If you don't
want if you're not if you don't
personally want to sign up for that or
you don't believe in it, honest truth is
join something slow growth. The folks
growing the 10 or 15 or 20% a year
either public companies or private
companies, they need people too. And
it's not settle out, I don't think. But
some folks are quietly making a
lifestyle choice. I met I met I saw a
CRO at her annual this year that I
hadn't seen in years, but I've known her
since I she was my customer, so I've
known her since I was a founder a long
time. Like, how's it going? Like, I got
this new role. I'm like, it's an
interesting one. You last company got
acquired for a billion something. I'm
like, yeah. She's like, you know, we're
at 50 million growing 20%. I think
that's pretty good in today's climate.
I'm like, maybe we're I don't know which
parallel you like I So, so she was
happy.
>> If you're burning the money, sure. Yeah.
>> What's that?
>> If you're burning zero dollars.
>> Yeah. Burning zero dollars. She had a
good cash comp. Um it was the right
amount of pressure for her. Like her
taking the company from 20 to 25% growth
was probably a big win for the year.
>> Mhm. I think I think people should be
self-aware that maybe you know if you're
not willing to step up in today's AI age
which is so much faster so much more
committed so much faster honestly maybe
join something slow growth because that
that that that that we all basically you
know in in in the 2020 21 era we all
lived in this magical middle ground.
Yeah, you could have it all. Not
>> you could have it all.
>> You could have lifestyle, quality of
life, work from home, work 20 or 30
hours a week, exceed quota for a lot of
structural reasons. That that doesn't
exist anywhere. Even the fastest growing
startups, um they're either lean or
they're back in the office or they're
high intensity. There just is that that
middle's gone.
>> Yeah.
>> Right. That is gone. We were talking
about this before we we turn on the
record, but even at owner, even with all
the tailwinds, even like, you know, I
have a awesome team and a bunch of
amazing peers, still working as hard as
I ever have. You know, like
>> I'm working hardest I ever have.
>> Yeah.
>> Me, I'm working the hardest I ever have.
Right.
>> Are you having the most fun, though? Cuz
I I am I'm actually having a blast.
Uh
I I don't I don't I'm still that that's
a that's a very uh uh metaphysical
question. I'm still struggling to I find
in startups whatever whatever area it is
whatever you're doing community nesting
founder executive I find this you and I
are very different. I find the fun is is
is is is in the recordings. The fun is
in the past. It's not in the present. M
>> the fun is [clears throat] looking back
laughing about the time when it was your
first board meeting and I was beating up
your COO who said he was going to raise
40 million on his own single-handedly.
That's funny now. It wasn't fun back
then, was it?
>> No. No,
>> it's fun now. I know you're in a special
time an owner, so it we were talking
about this before. It is genuinely fun
to be scale accelerating at your scale.
It is genuinely fun. But
>> for me, the the fun is the fun is in the
memories. The fun is in the recordings
and the videos and the photos. And if
you walk into our office now at Saster,
which is a wall of agents, they're just
empty desks and and me and Ameilia at
one end with all of our agents in
between, but you'll see four huge
monitors in our office, which are just
photos of Sasser going back to 2015,
right? And so those are fun. So every
day I walk in and they're on four
different memories, right? So
>> yeah,
>> I I think I know this sounds crazy for
revenue folks, but u but sales leaders
know this. You if you've ever had a
great sales team, right, which you have
now, and you've had in the you'll look
back and you like, man, that was the
best team ever, right? And those sales
teams are friends for life and they they
work together. So enjoy the present, but
but but it's okay if fun is the
memories. If you're looking for fun in
your job in the age of AI, I find it I I
find it incredibly stimulating. Like
build like I just built this app. Try it
for fun for folks to watch. It's called
VaporCell.AI.
Vaporell. It automates sales training.
It's really fun. I built it in a couple
hours. I can add owner if you want. You
can go in and you can literally sell
Harvey, Replet, um, cursor, and
chatbell.
>> Cool.
>> AI.
>> It has a tongue-in-cheek one where you
can simulate it. And then it has a real
one where I uploaded a hundred of the
toughest questions for each one and
trains you as a rep. And the fact that I
could build this in a couple of hours,
it's pretty cool looking, isn't it?
>> Yeah, this is this is pretty sharp.
>> It's pretty cool. Like, how can you not
think this is an amazing time? like the
internet was kind of like you know when
the internet really got going it was fun
and then SAS was amazing like wow we
could two businesses could exchange data
and do stuff interactively online but
this is like 50 times more exciting and
interesting but the rate of change man I
just I I just invested in this startup
and I love it right it's so good we and
they're great they're going to crush it
they they they blew up their first month
right yeah
>> but now they have five clones in the
first 60 days
>> now it's they're going to win but that
type of st like is fun.
>> Yeah, I guess I
>> It's interesting. It's it's it's it's
it's um the good news is like 24 hours a
day I'm thinking about AI. I'm having
fun with AI. I'm doing stuff. So, it's
very engaging, but for me, fun fun fun
is in the past. It's not in the present.
[snorts]
>> Yeah, makes sense. I I think that's a
great message to leave on, you know,
like if you want to sign up for the
venture scale more than triple triple
double double, then be ready to work
harder than you ever have. And if not,
you know, take a different path and just
be fine with it's less comp, less
upside, less less whatever. But I think
that that's uh
>> be honest about it. Like don't think
this I know people think this 996 thing
is somewhat toxic but it's more a signal
like if you don't want to work at that
intense pace if you don't want to be
thinking about work 20 so many folks you
know they still want to end the day at 4
or 5 and and log off for the day and and
and let's not mock that it it is we're
human beings right but but pick your
path in this in the age of AI
>> pick your path pick your path
>> that's [snorts] a good message uh Jason
well thank you for doing this man this
was awesome we had all the stuff I
wanted to get and two, this lived up to
my expectations. So, appreciate it and
appreciate everything you do for us and
me personally. I know I'm a broken
record. I say this all the time, but I
want to put it on the pod one last time
cuz uh I I I can't tell you enough how
much we appreciate it.
>> Thanks, my friend.
>> Hey, Sasser. Imagine having agents for
every support tab. One that triages
tickets, another that catches
duplicates, one that spots turn risk.
That'd be pretty amazingly, right? Happy
Fox just made it real with autopilot.
These pre-built AI agents deploy in
about 60 seconds and run for as low as
two cents per successful action. All of
it sits inside the Happy Fox omni
channel AI first support stack. Chatbot,
Copilot, and Autopilot working as one.
Check them out at happyox.com/saster.